Readme update (#152)
kommitters/editorjs-drag-drop: README.md

  }
}
```

> **Note:** If you are also using [editorjs-undo](https://github.com/kommitters/editorjs-undo) your handleReady function must have the editorjs-undo instance.

Reviewer: What do you think?

```suggestion
**Note:** If you are also using [editorjs-undo](https://github.com/kommitters/editorjs-undo) your handleReady function must include the editorjs-undo instance as well.
```
